the g20 leaders issued their declaration
calling for measures to promote economic
growth and stabilize the debt the days
are numbered for the fellow worshippers
who sing money is good there's some
indeed for many years since the death of
President Franklin Roosevelt and
increasingly so since the assassination
of John and Bobby Kennedy the US
leadership gave up fighting on principle
and adopted the doctrine out of fear
more so than believe that money rules
the world what it really means is the
British Empire is their God said by both
wits and dimwits a doctrine that has
brought us to the point we have one
final chance to ditch the self-induce
hell to tread rather the roads of
prosperity that the u.s. population
willingly walked away from once FDR and
Kennedy would dead turn back and walk
the roads paved by Roosevelt and John
Kennedy arouse soon you'll be dead the
cure to the disease induced by bailouts
brought to you by Bush and viciously
more so by president barack obama is
glass-steagall the goal must be to
enforce the original glass-steagall Act
of 1933 currently in bill form as HR
4089 in the house and to do it before
the national democratic convention it
means to enforce and ratify the law that
would kill the bail along if fought for
the necessitates the immediate removal
of Barack Obama don't ask is it possible
to get these things done before the
convention trust our command and make it
happen now where Obama stands is below
Nixon and Jimmy Carter in fact one
success Barack Obama can speak
truthfully of is his astonishing talent
of becoming one of the worst of the
worst presidents in the history of the
United States according to the news
weekend daily be sparring
u.s. presidents Obama ranks lower than
George Herbert Walker Bush jimmy carter
and richard nixon rating at a negative
25 points his opponent remains to be
Bush jr. but given his surpassing Bush's
use of predator drones and record
numbers of bailouts we can rest assured
that he will rise victorious against
George W in this race to Obama's efforts
has also garnered another federal
legislature today to openly admit that
he does not intend to partake in the
upcoming national convention or endorse
his candidacy this comes as Democrats
such as Senator Manchin of West Virginia
senator McCaskill and a handful of
others publicly stated that the
convention will not see their presence
the new walkout is representative Larry
Kissel of North Carolina's eighth
congressional district it was one of the
17 Democrats who voted to hold Attorney
General Eric Holder in criminal contempt
and now according to reports plans to
assist in repealing Obama's useless
eaters program commonly called his
health care reform the walkouts and
tough stances against Obama are part of
the vortex of an ongoing swarming to get
him out of office by a decision made
from the top his actual being taken out
of office in the immediate weeks is what
the nation needs to just have the chance
for survival ultimately we need a
concrete alternative it is not a name as
such but a policy and that brings us
again to the issue of glass-steagall
America needs massive employment in real
productivity which is the role that
constructing the North American Water
and Power Alliance place now to get it
our government must acknowledge that
wall street is the enemy not with their
lips and Rodeo shows called hearings but
with concrete and defined action by
enforcing the glass-steagall law
now the constant broadcast of the
investigation and to barclays about
rigging its interest rates is a show
that the entire system is a rot even
within those layers it is known that the
money is gone and only with
glass-steagall can the phony money be
taken out while the population remains
protected for example in a Financial
Times editorial entitled restoring trust
after diamond the FT States the clash
between retail and investment banking
has always been evident the government
accepted the principle of separation
last year when it endorsed the
conclusions of the Banking Commission
presided over by sir john vickers while
the Financial Times supported those
conclusions we are now ready to go
further for all the diversification
benefits the cultural tensions between
investment and retail banking can only
be resolved by totally separating the
two on formal glass-steagall style lines
in Britain once again as it had done
under Winston Churchill in 1941 voices
are rising for FDR to save them from a
death machine they themselves created
along with the Financial Times Terry
Smith of the London Guardian voice that
the implementation of the measure is a
must and any other suggestions or
fantasy such as sir john vickers
ring-fencing he stated the arguments
against separating retail and investment
banks were always thin now they are
surely unanswerable what needs to happen
the United Kingdom and the United States
must enact a glass steagle act and
separate retail and investment banks
ring fencing as proposed by the vicar's
Commission will not work members of
parliament have also denounced
ring-fencing as insufficient stating
that full separation must be enacted
John thurso a liberal Democrat member of
the Treasury selected committee made
such statements on june thirtieth now
back into the
States our efforts have garnered up to
70 co-sponsors for the bill inside the
house of representatives to enact
glass-steagall Union groups such as the
National afl-cio have endorsed for the
passage for HR 1489 a state
representative of Kentucky has
reintroduced a resolution demanding HR
4089 and the list goes on glass-steagall
is a moral imperative we are calling for
action prior to the convention make your
life worth something join our effort to
garner success